How I need to maintain the order in NACL(Network Access Control List) is it descending/ascending/no order?
What will be the default value of the security group for the incoming  and outgoing traffic?
what is the range of IP address available for this CIDR 10.0.0.0/24?
When I call s3 bucket from EC2 instance the call will happen via publc internet or private with call within AWS?
 I have 2 VPCs and one EC2 instance in one VPC need to connect to Database which is present in another VPC. Can I implement the same ?
what method I need to opt if I don't want AWS to change the Public IP address of the EC2 instance when it is restarted..
what is the limit of elastic IPs? Is it account level or region level?
When we restart an EC2 instance is public IP remains same or changes?
Where we need to create the NAT gateway (in public subnet/ private subnet)?
What type of subnet are created by AWS in default VPC?
what is the range of IPv4 private IP address?

What is the command for running containers.
Write a Docker file and build image and run the container.
How you will enter into running containers.
Explain Jenkins complete CICD.
Write jenkins declarative pipeline.
What is trivi sonarq and Maven also how will integrate with jenkins. Explain me sonarQube reports details and and how you will inform to developer regarding the report result. 
What terraform.
Write terraform script to create s3 but in AwS.
LINUX BASIC COMMAND.
What is the Ansible why need to be used.
What is the availability zone in Cloud and how to use.
What is Isto/service mesh.
Scenario based questions: client want to move their project from  onprem to Cloud platform. What will be your strategy.
What is persistent volume. 
What are services available in K8s is name and explain. 
What is the secret file in K8s and how to Store those.
Explain the Azure DNS and storage service.
Tell me the some services name in AWS.
What is helm why we need to be use and for what. Also them me so helm commands.
Have you completed any POC..
How your monitor your cluster. Also have you work on any monitoring tools.
